#BookNotes

2.  In order to learn new things, we need to consolidate them into our own words. Understanding them requires a **reference manager (I use Mendeley),** having fleeting notes, and a place to write your thoughts in. In order to do this, you need only simple tools where you can write what you learn. This will allow you to gain more insight into everything that you read. You should never write something down that you do not want to learn from. ^52c61b
3.  It is important to ask yourself questions about what this fits into when you are learning a new piece of content. In order to understand how this fits into what you have read, remember to get feedback on the notes that you have written. Write as though you are going to explain it to someone in an introductory lecture, and write as though you are thinking on paper. This allows you to be exposed to new ideas without keeping those ideas in your head. By revising and coming back to old notes by linking them, you are able to build up more knowledge. ^275cdd
4.  In order to learn something new, you need to make it fun. Enjoyment comes out of having a routine, because then you are not wasting time thinking about what to do when you read, or what other things you have to understand when you are reading. You can focus on the things which are important, such as understanding and thinking about the current topic at hand. By standardizing the routine, you make it more easy to do the things that you set out to do. ^017624

Source: [How to Take Smart Notes: One Simple Technique to Boost Writing, Learning and Thinking–for Students, Academics and Nonfiction Book Writers.](https://www.amazon.com/How-Take-Smart-Notes-Nonfiction-ebook/dp/B06WVYW33Y/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=how+to+take+smart+notes&qid=1616117736&sr=8-1)

